# HEART-DISEASE-PREDICTION-USING-MACHINE-LEARNING-ALGORITHMS
Heart disease is the most common disease in India. Earlier people were not aware of the food  they are eating which is supposed to be oily, sweet, salty, sour which in future may lead to  affecting our body system by consumption of more. Earlier if people are eating so much oily  food then too they were working hard so the chances of getting digest the food is more were  as now more people are just sitting in one place or one chair whole with eating the same food  which may lead to the disease. Earlier people were not aware of this but now as they are  educated and the health system is also improvised so they are getting to know about this in  earlier phases. Then too some people are ignoring this and eating a lot of unhealthy and junk  food which is causing the disease. In some cases, before the person gets to know about this  the people lose their lives.  Heart disease refers to any condition affecting the heart. There are many types, some of  which are preventable while in some cases the exact cause of CVD isn't clear, but there are  lots of things that can increase your risk of getting it. The main risk factors for CVD are High  Blood Pressure, High Cholesterol, Diabetes, Inactivity, and Obesity.0 Murray CJ and Lopez  AD in their study ‘Alternative projections of mortality and disability by cause 1990-2020:  Global Burden of Disease Study, Lancet. 24 May 1997, projected that the annual number of  deaths due to cardiovascular diseases would rise from 2.26 million (1990) to 4.77 million  (2020)
